Gen-Z for Change Privacy Policy and SMS Terms of Service
Effective Date: [Insert Date Posted]
Gen-Z for Change Inc. (“Gen-Z,” “we,” “our,” or “us”), provides this privacy policy to describe how we collect, use, and share the information of individuals who visit our website at https://www.genzforchange.org/ and other online properties that link to this privacy policy (collectively, the “Site”).  
Information Collection
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you fill out a form, make a donation, send us an email, sign up to receive messages or updates, request information, sign a petition, sign up as a volunteer, communicate with us via third party social media sites, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we collect may include your name, address, phone number, email address, mobile number, credit card information, and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.
We (and other entities) automatically collect information relating to your interactions with us and our Site, including browser type, IP address, pages visited and other activities on the Site, device type, and time and date of visit, and other information we collect through the use of cookies and similar technology.  See the “Digital Advertising & Analytics” section of this privacy policy to learn more about the use of this information and the choices available to you.  
We and our service providers may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Site. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to mailing list providers and publicly available sources. We may also use such information for list matching purposes.  In addition, if you make a donation through ActBlue for our benefit (such as via the link on the Site), we will obtain certain information about you from ActBlue.

 Information Use

We may use your information for any lawful purpose, including the following:
To fulfill your purchase orders;
To respond to your inquiries;
To process donations and transactions and send you related information;
To provide our products and services or information that you request; 
To operate, personalize, and improve the Site, including for analytics purposes;
To send Gen-Z updates and other communications that may be of interest to you;
To comply with the law and to maintain the security of our Site; or 
With your consent, or as otherwise disclosed at the time information is collected.


Gen-Z is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Site or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the United States and other countries.

Information Sharing 

We may share the information we collect with other parties, including the following:
Organizations, groups, or causes that we believe have similar viewpoints, principles, or objectives or share similar goals and with organizations that facilitate communications and information sharing among such groups;
Service providers or agents that perform activities for us, such as those for statistical analysis, payment processing, or sending you email, text messages, or postal mail; 
As part of a change of corporate control, reorganization, merger, or acquisition, or other transfer of all or part of our assets, including as part of a bankruptcy proceeding;
Pursuant to a subpoena, court order, governmental inquiry, or other legal process or as otherwise required by law, or when needed in our judgment to protect our rights or the rights of third parties, or to for safety or security reasons; or 
With your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing.

We may share information that has been de-identified or aggregated without limitation.  
Digital Analytics
We may work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time.  Gen-Z uses Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and marketing purposes, including serving ads on this or other sites based on your visit to the Site or other sites across the Internet and across various mobile applications.  For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Site, visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Additionally, your browser may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if you use these tools, our Site may not function as intended.
Third-Party Links and Tools
The Site may provide links to third-party websites or apps, including our social media pages.  We do not control the privacy practices of those websites or apps, and they are not covered by this privacy policy.  You should review the privacy policies of other websites or apps that you use to learn about their data practices.
The Site may also include integrated social media tools or “plug-ins,” such as social networking tools offered by third parties.  If you use these tools to share personal information or you otherwise interact with these features on the Site, those companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including by sharing such information with the general public.  
Your interactions with third-party companies and your use of their features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide those features.  We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies of any accounts you create and use.
Your Choices

To opt out of our email updates and donation requests, you can use the link provided at the bottom of each message.

You may also opt out or unsubscribe from future emails by sending a request to info@genzforchange.org using the subject line “Unsubscribe from email communications.” To ensure your opt-out request is properly processed, be sure to send your message using the same email account to which we sent our correspondence.

Updating Your Information

We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your information if it changes or if the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate. 
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If our information practices change, we will post these changes on this page.  We encourage you to visit this page periodically to learn of any updates.
SMS TERMS OF SERVICE
If you subscribe to any text programs that we make available, the following terms apply: 
When you opt-in to the service, we will send you an SMS message to confirm your signup, and you consent to receive text messages on organization information, donation asks, and volunteering opportunities. Messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system. Message frequency varies. Your mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply to any messages you send or receive, including our confirmations and subsequent texts. Please contact your mobile carrier for more information regarding your mobile data and messaging plan. 
You can cancel the SMS service at any time. Just text “STOP.” After you send the SMS message “STOP” to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. If you want to join again, just sign up as you did the first time, and we will start sending SMS messages to you again. 
For Help, text “HELP,” or you can email us at info@genzforchange.org. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, contact your wireless provider.
Compatible carriers include: AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint, nTelos, CBW, USC, Cricket, MetroPCS, Clearsky, InterOp, Cellcom, C-Spire, among others.  Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain mobile features and certain mobile features may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. Contact your carrier with questions regarding these issues. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. We are not liable for any delays in the receipt of, or failure to receive, any SMS or MMS texts, as delivery is subject to effective transmission by your mobile carrier. 
Disclosure Of Personal Information
Text messaging originator opt-in data will not be shared with any third party, except: (1) with vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf (and who will not use such information for their own purposes); or (2) if we believe disclosure is required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation or to comply with law enforcement or legal process.

Contact
If you have questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us at info@genzforchange.org. 





